_pages/works.md, before:

---
title: "Works"
excerpt: "Literary works and productions"
permalink: /works/
layout: single
author_profile: true
toc: true
last_modified_at: 2018-04-29T23:12:35-04:00
---
I like reading, and I like writing, too.  
Here some of the latest things I worked on.  

## Git Essentials
Some time ago I wrote a book for [Packt Publishing](https://www.packtpub.com/){:target="_blank"} about _Git_.  

[Git Essentials](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/git-essentials){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git Essentials]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/git-essentials-1st-edition-small.png "Git Essentials 1st Edition"){: .full}
<!-- ![alt]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/filename.jpg){: .full} -->

The book has been included in [Git Survey 2016](https://git.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/GitSurvey2016){:target="_blank"}, gaining the 3rd place (light-years behind [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2), of course :sweat_smile:).  

I really enjoyed writing it, I learnt a lot. So I decided to write it again :smiley:   

[Git Essentials, 2nd Edition](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/git-essentials-second-edition){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git Essentials, 2nd Edition]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/git-essentials-2nd-edition-small.png "Git Essentials 2nd Edition"){: .full}

Il libro è stato tradotto in italiano da Apogeo:   

[Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice](https://www.apogeonline.com/libri/git-ferdinando-santacroce/){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/cover-git-apogeo.jpg "Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice"){: .full}


---

Follow me on [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/13649672.Ferdinando_Santacroce){:target="_blank"} to learn more about books I like and I write.

## Mokabyte
I'm a Technical Author for [Mokabyte](http://www.mokabyte.it){:target="_blank"}, a 20 years old Italian webzine.  
Here my series about [Git, the stupid content tracker](http://www.mokabyte.it/author/ferdinando-santacroce/){:target="_blank"}.

Commit message:

Add Semaphore article in Works

_pages/works.md, after:

---
title: "Works"
excerpt: "Literary works and productions"
permalink: /works/
layout: single
author_profile: true
toc: true
last_modified_at: 2018-04-29T23:12:35-04:00
---
I like reading, and I like writing, too.  
Here some of the latest things I worked on.  


## Semaphore blog
I wrote something about testing on [Semaphore](https://semaphoreci.com/) blog: [Automated Testing: The Cornerstone of CI/CD](https://semaphoreci.com/blog/automated-testing-cicd){:target="_blank"}.  

## Git Essentials
Some time ago I wrote a book for [Packt Publishing](https://www.packtpub.com/){:target="_blank"} about _Git_.  

[Git Essentials](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/git-essentials){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git Essentials]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/git-essentials-1st-edition-small.png "Git Essentials 1st Edition"){: .full}
<!-- ![alt]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/filename.jpg){: .full} -->

The book has been included in [Git Survey 2016](https://git.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/GitSurvey2016){:target="_blank"}, gaining the 3rd place (light-years behind [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2), of course :sweat_smile:).  

I really enjoyed writing it, I learnt a lot. So I decided to write it again :smiley:   

[Git Essentials, 2nd Edition](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/git-essentials-second-edition){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git Essentials, 2nd Edition]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/git-essentials-2nd-edition-small.png "Git Essentials 2nd Edition"){: .full}

Il libro è stato tradotto in italiano da Apogeo:   

[Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice](https://www.apogeonline.com/libri/git-ferdinando-santacroce/){:target="_blank"}.  

![Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/cover-git-apogeo.jpg "Git - Guida per imparare a gestire, distribuire e versionare codice"){: .full}


---

Follow me on [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/13649672.Ferdinando_Santacroce){:target="_blank"} to learn more about books I like and I write.

## Mokabyte
I'm a Technical Author for [Mokabyte](http://www.mokabyte.it){:target="_blank"}, a 20 years old Italian webzine.  
Here my series about [Git, the stupid content tracker](http://www.mokabyte.it/author/ferdinando-santacroce/){:target="_blank"}.
